https://codepen.io/krisminer86/pen/gOPKXMd?editors=1100



1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Using terms that have meaning and describe what the content is, so that its more readable and understandable.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
Marking up web pages. Tells the browser what the text is and how it should be used.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
an attibute describes things like size or color and are put inside tags.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is the first headline.  It should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Select, Input

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Meta data... doc title...fonts.. styles..etc

    7. What is an id? 
it names a specific element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
I think they all can have them if you really wanted to.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
an ID tag is unique and can only be used once.

    10. What is a class? 
names a group of elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any elements can have a class tag.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
use the target="_blank" after your linked site

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
default text if the image doesn't load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
You would use the # followed by the id.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
one is a section, the other is a division.  Not really sure what the difference really is.


    17. What is CSS used for? 
Making your webpage look pretty. It adds all the style to the page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
I might use an id if I wanted to change something in the header.  But I would use class if I wanted to style all the <p> elements the same.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
I dont know yet.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
They tell you about the state of the element.  such as :hover changes a element when the mouse hovers.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:   (at least that is what I did)

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
 letter-spacing: 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
	border:1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
<body></body>
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* Here's my commment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm filename
    34. Why should I use version control? 
As projects are worked on, its easier to keep track of older versions, or to see where bugs may have been introduced into the code...

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Fairly often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. .
Fork, clone, branch, add, commit, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Inline elements will be side by side on a line, block will be one top of the other.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It will stay in that location even when the page is scrolled.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
I don't know.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

Block elements: <li> <ul> <nav>
Inline elements: <a> <br> <span>
Inline-block: Display??? I don't really know.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
I don't know anything about this.
 
